I put a lot of effort trying to point out all the things I felt were wrong or could/should be improved. I sent several lists and created 80 issues to allow better tracking and discussion. I feel that I've only tried to improve the codebase because I honestly disagree with:
> As we are still in "preliminary stages" (a lot of features to be added), having a slightly "worst" code but that is easier to test/change/adapt has some value. 
I've been addressing a lot of issues and closing many PRs thinking that we've agreed this was the way to go and the necessary step to consolidate the pillars of our codebase. I find it very frustrating that after a month of hard work (on stuff that I acknowledge is not adding features but in my opinion is improving the modularity and quality of the code so that scalability does not become an issue later on) you bring up this point.
===
In particular, I brought up this issue about the abtraction layer for the msg schema in several occasions and I explained what my intention was. I've been repeating the same pattern over and over again. And I've tried my best not to modify substantially the code that already existed. For example, the middleware itself I barely touched it. I've only modified the way the middleware interacts with other parts. And I've put a lot of effort and thought (although I can be mistaken) about the this abstraction layer because it is my believe that dealing with the message inline is not the way to go. Additionally, I believe that we will have to deal with many more messages in the near future (this is also a reason why I thought this changes were necessary).
Anyways, I'd be happy to explain the pattern/logic behind the implementation.
===
The most important part is that it seems to me that we have a disagreement on what is important and what is not. And it's fine. But I've tried to discuss and list all of what I consider important and no one added any feedback or said that it is not important. So, I find it disappointing to hear this on the last PR of a long sequence.
